I'm about to propose to Ashley sue her
name is Yoon ji soo I met her like to a
friend and then we got together rather
shortly and here's the big day for a
proposal the plan is I actually have a
trail that's our 22 like our friends or
close friends holding like each single
rose multi-colored until the lead here
to this site where i can propose to her
and this is the heart is made of 99
roses and it's actually 98 on the floor
with one damn holding so that I could be
the one with her
I'm very very nervous about my hands are
shaking but legs are shaking I a static
oh boy
hi this is Ashley and I should say yes
and I'm really really happy I promised I
would be very good to her thank you
everybody thank you